Where are you?
Here I am.
Why were you hiding?
It happened so fast, he counted down from three stepped off the edge and fell.
Lord, what have you done?
Listen! His fall cries out to us from the soil. 
But what were you doing on the roof? 
I needed some air, an overview if you like. I envied your perspective.
You did try and stop him?
I thought he was playing, I thought the countdown was a game.
Someone standing at the edge of a tower, counting down from three is a game to you?
It was only a dream, remember.
Who is he, this man whose death you dreamt of?
I'm not sure, but that was the game.
You were trying to remember him in the dream?
I was trying to guess who he was before he arrived at zero. He was supposed to turn around and face me at zero, like an old friend. But he stepped off the edge instead. Like I said, it wasn't my fault.  
But you did remember him eventually, isn't that right?
Yes, lying there afterward with my eyes closed, half asleep still.  
Say his name.
But I can't remember his name.
Of course you can, you remember what you want to remember.
He was a character from the neighborhood. I saw his aviator shades and baby face around all the time before the pandemic. I’d forgotten about him altogether until I climbed up on the roof.
A character, I thought he was your friend?
Once upon a time we may have been Facebook friends, but there’s an impossible boundary between us. For one thing we're too similar. And he’s so strange otherwise. Recall his Chinese-military-issue barrets and pork pie hats reminiscent of a jazz musician from another century. A silver chain would dangle from his pocket like a kid or an aristocrat. But he was an old man, a retired bodyguard. He had a gold notebook full of convoluted geometric figures and miniscule hand writing that he tossed around like it meant nothing to him.
Who walks around with a gold notebook?
We did, but his was a scuffed, pocket-size number densely packed with a brick’s worth of pages. Some were falling out, some were dog-eared. There was an elastic holding it all together; a perfectly compact symbol of the harmless weight of eccentricity, in gold. His shirt pocket was always full of pens, even at night, over drinks. A show of force. But there was an elegance to him too, the pretense of sophistication. The revenge of an insufferable nerd. He pulled out the notebook when a pretty young thing asked him if he'd really partied with Eddie Van Halen, and tossed it out on the bar like the proof was scribbled down on one of the innumerable pages. I turned to look, sitting on his other hand, opposite her, and she said you want in on this like she was preparing to humiliate him to death and offering herself to me all at once, like she was speaking to me privately even though her voice had to carry past his to reach me. Like she was talking through him.
And you did want in, didn't you?
I don't know, I'm not sure. Maybe. Likely, yes. I thought she was flirting with me and I didn't want her to stop. I asked him some questions, to keep the ball rolling. But they were shy of cruel, the questions. Open ended. I gave him enough rope if you like, but I was also genuinely curious I think. About the notebook, and about him.
What else do you remember from that night?
He'd worked security at a big stadium in town through the 90's. He said he was a writer too. But when I asked him if he'd published anything he murmured no, I'm a nobody his hands up in self defence.
Look who thinks he's nobody!?
I guess so, yeah.
Did you and the woman humiliate him to death and go fuck or what?
I'd like to believe I resigned myself to being his wingman; I cut him off mercifully having come to understand that to let him go on was to allow a man to flagellate himself. Enough about us I said, let's get to know our new friend, and made a pushing gesture with my hands toward the woman, like encouraging him to ask her about herself. But she didn't like that at all and goes we've known each other for a long time buddy, we're neighbours drawing out the word like I’d never know what it really means, and leans in toward him, closing their bodies off to mine, excluding me from the rest of their conversation.   
So you didn't get his name?
I did because later that night he turns to me out of the blue to say people in this country don't know what freedom is, I've known freedom. His neighbour was gone, to the bathroom I guessed. But when I asked him what real freedom looked like he shunned me once more. I don't like the tone of your questions he says. Which was the end of the line for me. I got up to go home, but before leaving I offered him my hand and said see you around man, because I saw him around all the time as you know, and I'd continue to and I gave him my name and he told me his.
Say his name.
I don't remember it, honestly. It occurred to me that I’d already forgotten it like five minutes after hearing it, as the elevator went clicking along and I was fishing inside my bag for my apartment key.  
Say his name.
I yelled it as he jumped, I yelled out to him, but when I awoke his name was already faded from the tip of my tongue. But I could make out his face in my mind’s eye briefly; I pictured all your faces, vaguely as my twilight sleep lifted in the early blue. 
Where were we?
At ground level, staring up at me. I'd barely brought myself to look down over the edge, and there you were. Pork pie hat was standing among you, alive and well. It was truly a relief, but terrifying all the same.
Were there many of us?
Perhaps a dozen. 
What were we doing down there?
You'd formed a circle around where his corpse should have been. You were decided and expectant, in anticipation.
Who were we then?
I'm not sure what to call you. Is there a German word for a stranger whose face one sees very frequently, but inexplicably so? Like never in the same place, or at same time of day. A stranger that isn't quite a rando.
A juror?
OMG yes! That's too funny.
But in the dream we freighted you?
I was determined not to jump, even if it was my turn. I didn’t want to get it over with. And the poem, it was almost within your reach. 
Tell us about the poem once more.
It was anonymously taped up around our neighborhood, at a handful of intersections. You must have seen it. The text was very small and scrunched into a column down the centre of the page. You practically had to press your nose up against the flyer to make out what it said beyond the title. There was a copy outside my building and as soon as it was torn down someone would put up a fresh one, but I never witnessed either act.
But what was it doing in the dream?
I’m not sure really. It was falling, but not the way a body falls off the side of a building. It was kind of cascading down through the wind, between us, soaring down to greet you like a falcon. 
You wanted to get to us before it did?
I did, and what I remember next was that I was in the elevator, pressing the button for the ground floor, which lit up with a zero.
And that’s how the dream ended?
I was waiting to descend with increasing anxiety as we stopped at every floor for someone new to get on. And just as I suspected it was him – that the poem had fallen out of his pocket as he fell – the dream spat me back up.
You suspected he was the poet, posting it around?
Yes, it all just kind of made sense to me that morning. 
What made sense?
The small font size. The anonymity. The way his strained eloquence on the page ironically illuminated his halting, rambling speech: he was distractedly grasping for the right words, in the right order as he spoke. The epic graffiti of it all folded nicely into his eccentricity too. A bathroom stall poet emboldened by the lockdown – I saw it clearly. And it’s exactly the amount of flirting with taboo an otherwise polite Asian Canadian would allow himself to get away with on the page. 
Who's Asian here?
He is, you are, the poet who disappeared off the side of my building.
What kind of Asian are we talking about?
I'm not sure. Filipino I think or maybe Chinese. 
You've lived in one of the most diverse cities in the world for decades and you can't differentiate between a Filipino and a Chinese face?
I'm scared of where my mind will go if I look too closely at strangers. 
What are you so afraid of?
Dying. Public speaking. Not necessarily in that order.
Are you a racist?
I’m as racist as a chatbot if I had to guess. 
Are you sure you didn't write the poem?
I'd give it a long look sometimes on my way out the door for a covid constitutional, but no, I didn’t write it. Though I did have a perverted urge to put my name on it, for everyone in my building to believe it was me.
Is that why you adapted it for the virtual concrete of the small screen?
I did it for him ultimately, for you. I don’t know. I was trying to say I see you, or I'm sorry that I can't see you but I’m trying, I tried. 
By making a display of yourself?
It’s just as much about what we can and can’t put down as it is about anything else: a love letter to words in spite of the reduced worlds they’ve wrought, like tricky demigods out on a bender.
Aren’t you just lording a private joke over us; isn’t that what the dream is about, your arrogance?
I really thought I had found a way to channel his mind, to hear you.
You went crazy during the pandemic?
I saw her, the good neighbor from the bar, the one with all the memorable lines, coming out of a funeral parlour and I jumped to conclusions I guess. You know how intuition works, sort of badly but forcibly. This was like a month after I'd had the dream.
She told you that pork pie hat was gone?
No, we didn't really acknowledge each other. She passed me on the sidewalk and I looked at her kind of openly, but hidden within myself that way we do out on the street, like giving her the option in case she remembered me or wanted to, but she didn't or whatever. She looked broken up, like she'd been crying in there. It seemed like a bad idea to say hello. Her mouth was covered by a mask with flowers on it, daisies; otherwise, she was all in black.
And just like that you were convinced he was dead?
All the copies of the poem had disappeared by then; they weren’t being reposted. After crossing paths with the good neighbour I went wandering around, with an eye out for any trace of him wondering what I might feel if in fact he was dead, if anything at all. Who stood to inherit the gold notebook; did any of his children want in, did they like him? I was almost home when it happened: I looked up at my building, toward the roof and my stomach lurched. To this day I cast my eyes low when I'm in the tower’s vicinity, but sometimes curiosity gets the better of me and I look up for the vertigo, to see if it’s still there. It felt right, better still than banging a pot at sundown. 
But that wasn’t the crazy part was it?
I was listless and bitter that evening and after getting lost in my phone for an unfathomably long stretch, well past my bedtime I remembered that I had a photo of the poem; that I’d taken a picture of it when the flyers began disappearing for good, near a church or a pub if memory serves. Which reminds me of something else he’d said at the bar, that he’d had enough of screens – and that was before the lockdown. And on my way out I overheard the good neighbour, out there having a smoke, say he’s inside telling me all about religion now to a woman twice her age. And she gave me this look that was no look at all.
Is there anything more pathetic than poetry when you’re lonely?
I zoomed in as far as the zoom would go and read it backwards, the poem, the way I would the newspaper when I was a kid, just to stave off boredom. It was when I scrolled down through the verse numbers, doom scrolled if you like from top to bottom that I recognized the uncanny echo of my dream.
You’d seen that irrational pattern of numbers follow the countdown before?
The buttons in the elevator, yes, the order of the floors, ending with zero for ground.
What could that possibly mean?
I gave the poem another look, like it was meant for me.
Was it?
It’s a call to solidarity I think, spiritually speaking, ironically expressed as an index of anxiety, nothing but the naked refrain of an ego, or egos in terror of their little death. An ironic gesture of courage between paper dolls on the brink, too scared to let go of their absurdly vulnerable identities to be able to commune. What am I saying; that’s not quite right. In fact I took it for the final testament of a hesitant suicide that night, under the influence of all the attendant synchronicities. I tossed my phone aside in desperation, closed my eyes and not knowing how to pray for myself or him, spent the night trying to remember his name. Just created a little hollow inside myself and stared into it, down into the abyss of my mind, waiting for the name to appear. Something took hold of me, but what was it?
I called your name.
It was like tipping free of the endless, fearful secret core desire to jump; into a boundless acceptance of the end rushing up to meet me. You could say it was an epiphany of perpetually falling.
Or of being held.
And yet it wasn’t the moment of stepping off the edge, but when you caught me; yes, it was the comfort of being lowered to the ground, no, the dignity of being lowered into the ground by your many hands. We were falling together, intermingled in the dark matter of love between strangers, the no feeling inside the coffin of a crowded elevator.
You loved yourself as thy neighbour. 
The worming recognition that like all nodes on the Internet every intersection lies at the labyrinth’s centre, with the monster already defeated therein, by the maze of options before and after them. Which is to say that in order to receive another’s light one must let go of the demands of the abominable victim within, under cover of poetic license, solving for all exits.
Go ahead and jump. 
…